Add Elastic Agent 8.19.14 release notes (#13461)
elastic/elastic-agent: changelog/8.19.14.asciidoc

[discrete]
[[new-features-8.19.14]]
=== New features

The 8.19.14 release adds the following new and notable features.

* Add Cloud Defend Integration support to the helm chart. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/13074[#13074] 

[discrete]
[[enhancements-8.19.14]]
=== Enhancements

* Update Go version to 1.25.8. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/10156[#10156] 
* Update OTel components to v0.145.0. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/13104[#13104] 
* Update otel to v1.54.0/v0.148.0. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/13317[#13317] 

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.19.14]]
=== Bug fixes

* Updated k8s example manifests. Added HOSTFS_PROC_PATH environment variable due-to procfs fix in cloud-defend
and mount points required for cloud-defend.
. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/12989[#12989] 
* Fix an issue where some components could be missing from the status output. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/13119[#13119] 
* Prevent zombie processes when component fails to shutdown. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/13188[#13188] https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/13272[#13272]

> * Fix container enrollment to not re-enroll when the fleet_url is the same. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/13187[#13187] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix container enrollment so it does not re-enroll when the Fleet URL is the same. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/13187[#13187] 
```
